cube: build pipeline cache with sdk (#36)
KhronosGroup/VulkanSC-Tools: cube-vksc/README.md

```

Alternatively, you can embed a custom pipeline cache binary into `vksccube` built using the pipeline cache compiler

> discovered and configured by the Vulkan SC SDK by set the `REBUILD_PIPELINE_CACHE` configuration-time option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
discovered and configured by the Vulkan SC SDK by setting the `REBUILD_PIPELINE_CACHE` configuration-time option.
```

> The Vulkan SC SDK implicitly provides any required arguments for the configured PCC. For example in case NVIDIA's Vulkan SC PCC the target GPU instruction set. If any additional compiler specific flags are needed, it can be set in the `VKSC_PIPELINE_CACHE_FLAGS`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Vulkan SC SDK implicitly provides any required arguments for the configured
PCC. For example, in case of NVIDIA's Vulkan SC PCC, the target GPU instruction
set. If any additional compiler specific flags are needed, they can be set as a
command-line fragment using the `VKSC_PIPELINE_CACHE_FLAGS`.
```
